About The Job

At Red Hat, our interns are an integral part of the team. They don’t get relegated to busywork or unimportant tasks, but participate in the day-to-day work and are active contributors to their team.

We are currently looking for Software Engineering interns to join us in Pune or Bangalore. You will work closely with a senior mentor to gain technical knowledge and experience in your field, and cooperate with a broader international team both locally and globally. You will be part of a cohort of interns and have the opportunity to work on multiple projects within Global Engineering while also receiving learning and curriculum on different technologies. These projects and curriculum may include areas such as Ansible, RHEL, OpenShift, AI, and more. You’ll also have the chance to work with technologies like Python, GitHub, Java, Agile, JavaScript, etc.

What will you do?

Work closely with your mentor to design, develop, and maintain code in Python, Golang or similar programming language
Add new features, debug, identify, and track issues in Red Hat products (RHEL, OpenShift or other)
Collaborate with the wider team members and other departments such as Quality Engineering, Designers, Product Management or Documentation team throughout the product cycle
Network with other talented interns in a workplace where you can be yourself and thrive

What will you bring?

Currently pursuing the final year of a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or an equivalent discipline
Working knowledge of written and spoken English
Basic knowledge of and passion for Software Engineering, basic knowledge and willingness to use Python, Golang or similar programming language
Passion, curiosity, and desire to create new things and examine how things work internally
Willingness to learn and proactively work as a part of a wider team

Red Hat will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.

About Red Hat

Red Hat is the world’s leading provider of enterprise open source software solutions, using a community-powered approach to deliver high-performing Linux, cloud, container, and Kubernetes technologies. Spread across 40+ countries, our associates work flexibly across work environments, from in-office, to office-flex, to fully remote, depending on the requirements of their role. Red Hatters are encouraged to bring their best ideas, no matter their title or tenure. We're a leader in open source because of our open and inclusive environment. We hire creative, passionate people ready to contribute their ideas, help solve complex problems, and make an impact.

Inclusion at Red Hat

Red Hat’s culture is built on the open source principles of transparency, collaboration, and inclusion, where the best ideas can come from anywhere and anyone. When this is realized, it empowers people from different backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences to come together to share ideas, challenge the status quo, and drive innovation. Our aspiration is that everyone experiences this culture with equal opportunity and access, and that all voices are not only heard but also celebrated. We hope you will join our celebration, and we welcome and encourage applicants from all the beautiful dimensions that compose our global village.

Equal Opportunity Policy (EEO)

Red Hat is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. We review applications for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, veteran status, genetic information, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, or any other basis prohibited by law.

Red Hat does not seek or accept unsolicited resumes or CVs from recruitment agencies. We are not responsible for, and will not pay, any fees, commissions, or any other payment related to unsolicited resumes or CVs except as required in a written contract between Red Hat and the recruitment agency or party requesting payment of a fee.

Red Hat supports individuals with disabilities and provides reasonable accommodations to job applicants. If you need assistance completing our online job application, email application-assistance@redhat.com. General inquiries, such as those regarding the status of a job application, will not receive a reply.