About the job
Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
4 years of interaction design experience in product design or UX design.
Include a portfolio, website, or any other relevant link to your work in your resume (providing a viewable link or access instructions).

Preferred qualifications:

Master's degree in Design, Human-Computer Interaction, Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
2 years of experience working in a complex, cross-functional organization.
1 year of experience leading design projects.

About The Job

At Google, we "Focus on the user and all else will follow." Our Interaction Designers transform complex tasks into intuitive, easy-to-use experiences for billions of people. From creating user flows and wireframes to building mockups and prototypes, you will envision and bring product experiences to life with an inspired, refined, and magical feel. You will join our multi-disciplinary UX team, collaborating with Engineering and Product Management, leveraging user insights to create industry-leading products.

As an Interaction Designer, you'll apply user-centered design methods to craft industry-leading user experiences from concept to execution, working with design partners to evolve the Google design language to build beautiful, innovative products.

The Geo team is focused on building the most accurate, comprehensive, and useful maps for our users, through products like Maps, Earth, Street View, Google Maps Platform, and more. Every month, more than a billion people rely on Maps services to explore the world and navigate their daily lives.

The Geo team also enables developers to use the power of Google Maps platforms to enhance their apps and websites. As they plot a course for the future of mapping, they are solving complex computer science problems, designing beautiful and intuitive product experiences, and improving our understanding of the real world.

Responsibilities

Collaborate with product managers, engineers, and cross-functional stakeholders across Bengaluru, Sydney and Singapore to understand requirements, and provide creative, thoughtful solutions.
Communicate the user experience at various stages of the design process with wireframes, flow diagrams, storyboards, mock-ups, or high fidelity prototypes.
Integrate user feedback and business requirements into ongoing product experience updates.
Advocate for the prioritization of design centered changes, refinements, and improvements.
Lead and take ownership of key parts of the product's user experience for Transit Growth in Emerging Markets.


Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .